Update readmes to remove azure-identity version and fixup wording. (#44141)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/agrifood/azure-verticals-agrifood-farming/README.md

### Authenticate the client

#### Using Microsoft Entra ID

In order to interact with the Azure FarmBeats service, your client must present a Microsoft Entra bearer token to the service.

> The best way of providing a bearer token is to use the Azure Identity library. See the [installation instructions](../../../sdk/identity/azure-identity/README.md#include-the-package) to include `azure-identity`. In the examples, `credential` refers to a `TokenCredential`. It's recommended to use a [credential chain](../../../sdk/identity/azure-identity/readme#construct-a-credential-chain).

Reviewer: Is it worth just extending the final sentence to explain why a credential chain is recommended? "... to allow for multiple credentials to be specified, and for each credential to fall-through based on the order given." or something - I'm not an expert, but I feel like as a noob I'm left asking "why is it recommended?" I'm sure it is mentioned in the link, but perhaps it is worth spelling it out to be clear right here?

### Authenticate the client

#### Using Microsoft Entra ID

> In order to interact with the Azure FarmBeats service, your client must present a Microsoft Entra ID bearer token to the service.

Reviewer 2: Drop "ID", per the guidance at https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/fundamentals/how-to-rename-azure-ad#automate-bulk-editing-using-custom-code.
```suggestion
In order to interact with the Azure FarmBeats service, your client must present a Microsoft Entra bearer token to the service.
```

> The best way of providing a bearer token is to use the `DefaultAzureCredential` with a [managed identity](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/developer/java/sdk/authentication/azure-hosted-apps#authenticate-a-user-assigned-managed-identity-with-defaultazurecredential). For development scenarios, `DefaultAzureCredential` uses a logged-in developer tool's credentials. For more information about developer credentials, see [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/developer/java/sdk/authentication/dev-env). For other authentication flows, see [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/developer/java/sdk/authentication/overview).

Reviewer 2: Let's recommend that the customer use `ManagedIdentityCredential` instead of DAC. That's the direction we'd like to start pushing customers.

> To use the `DefaultAzureCredential` as shown, or other credential providers provided with the Azure SDK, include the `azure-identity` package. Use the [Bill of Materials (BOM) for the Azure SDK for Java](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/developer/java/sdk/get-started-maven#add-azure-sdk-for-java-to-an-existing-project), and include the `azure-identity` dependency:

Reviewer 2: Omit the locale string in all Learn URLs.
```suggestion
To use `DefaultAzureCredential` as shown, or other credential providers provided with the Azure Identity library, include the `azure-identity` package. Use the [Bill of Materials (BOM) for the Azure SDK for Java](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/developer/java/sdk/get-started-maven#add-azure-sdk-for-java-to-an-existing-project), and include the `azure-identity` dependency:
```
